###8packs
Organizing events can be a painful and time-consuming process. From the endless number of emails with suppliers and sponsors, to answering participants and volunteer enquiries, organizing events is hard, especially for bigger events.

Current solutions like online registration and event management software have helped make the lives of event organizers a little easier by handling common activities such as registrations, payments, or attendance taking. However, these softwares do not allow effective coordination between the event organizers and other key stakeholders that plays an important role in ensuring event success.

This is why 8packs has built a collaborative event management platform where events are not organized by the event organizers alone, but by everyone involved in the event. This includes participants, volunteers, sponsors, suppliers, and fans.

8packs is a collaborative event management platform for running, cycling, swimming, and other events with one or more combination of the three. Unlike other software companies like EventBrite, Active RegOnline and Cvent, 8packs is not just building better software and systems for the event organizers. 8packs is building 3rd generation event technology that can harnesses the strength of the community and allow for collaboration between key stakeholders of the event.
###[Alter]
The least developed countries (LDCs) need more than aid; they need business expertise & investment. The least developed countries are being offered band aid solutions from NGOs and governments that fail to solve the root problem - lack of private sector growth. But even the best entrepreneurs in LDCs lack the critical resources they need to build out new sectors of the economy. [Alter] give high potential entrepreneurs resources - mentorship, expertise, and capital - to change the trajectory of the poorest countries on earth. [Alter] will invest in the best entrepreneurs and take a portion of their profits to help them to grow. [Alter] will then use those profits to cover our operating costs and reinvest those profits in future entrepreneurs. [Alter] will start by launching a country office in Haiti, then launch in other LDCs after tightening the model.
###A2Z China
Education in China is almost completely exam-oriented. Since more and more parents choose to send their kids to US for high school or college (growing with a CAGR of 35% for the past 5 years), more and more parents realize the need for soft skills training and crave for good education resources that develop their kids in a well-rounded way and opens their eyes to the outside world. A2Z China connects 10-15 years-old students in China with US teachers and delivers a unique and engaging curriculum in communication, creative ways of thinking, and American culture.
###Acquainted
The problem that Acquainted addresses is that event attendees are often not maximizing their time at meetups, trade shows, or conferences due to networking with other attendees whose objectives and interests do not align with theirs. An event that costs a few hundred dollars to register goes to waste when attendees do not know whom they need to connect with in order to discuss business partnerships or seek out job opportunities. As attendees plunge into events blindly with zero knowledge whatsoever, the outcome is often determined by uncontrollable factors like luck and chance.

Thus, they are building an event-based professional networking app that connects attendees with the right people amidst the event chaos. With Eventbrite integrated, attendees can view their event on our app and browse through a ranked list of relevant connections and their respective profiles authenticated through GitHub, Dribbble and/or LinkedIn. During the event itself, contacts can be easily exchanged via Near Field Communication like an electronic name card. New contacts are automatically added to the relationship management portion of the app, which keeps track of all acquaintances and the history of their interactions. By replacing physical name cards, contacts are instantly updated given any changes.
###Ale Mail
Many small breweries don’t distribute at all or only distribute locally. The beer that you’re going to love might just not be accessible to you. When you go to BevMo and buy a six-pack, how do you know if you’re going to like it? If you don’t, you’re stuck with five more beers you don’t like. You need to be able to look at a beer, read the description, and map the beer language to your own preferences. In order to do that, you need to a) understand the beer vocab, and b) know what you like and why.

Ale Mail's solution is a social craft beer tasting experience in a box. Ale Mail provides an educational focus - learning beer vocab and how to taste - in a fun way; individual curation over time - zeroing in on your own preferences while exploring cool beers from different regions; and partnerships with small breweries, serving as a marketing channel/mini distributor
###Aperture Medical
End-stage renal disease (ESRD) affects more than 2 million men, women, and children worldwide. For these patients, renal-replacement therapy is a life-sustaining treatment and reliable access to the bloodstream for hemodialysis is their lifeline. Arteriovenous fistulas and grafts – surgically created connections between arteries and veins in the extremities – constitute the most prevalent and best options for hemodialysis access. However, due to scarring and narrowing of the blood vessels, these connections frequently fail within months and only 50-60% of connections last a full year. This translates to further invasive procedures, hospitalizations, and riskier modes of dialysis access for patients and a substantial economic burden to the healthcare system.
Aperture Medical aims to address this problem by targeting the most upstream biological event in the development blood vessel narrowing or stenosis. By targeting the root cause of stenosis, we aim to significantly improve the short and long-term patency of arteriovenous fistulas and grafts for patients with ESRD. Our solution is a one-time intervention at the time of creation that integrates easily into existing surgical procedures and leverages new scientific insights into vascular biology. With this novel approach Aperture Medical aims to bring innovation to this truly unmet clinical need.
###Apprentice Field Suite
Pharmaceutical and Biotechnology Manufacturing, with its strict regulations, creates unique demands for deskless workers. The million dollar losses if a batch fails, the inability to out-engineer human error, and the potential of the technology inspired us to develop the Apprentice Field Suite - a trio of applications exclusively for Smart Glasses that empowers Biopharmaceutical Manufacturing operators and engineers to make informed decisions. GAUGE provides essential data. Computer vision automatically reads and saves analog gauge values, augmented reality shows which bioreactor is still in operation before you attempt to clean the vessel, and photo/video allows self-reporting of unsafe conditions. MANUALS is a process and workflow aid. The app integrates with Myo for hands-free access to the latest Standard Operating Procedures, Batch Record, or Job Plans. Each workflow can be fully animated step-by-step AR overlay, or simply a list of text-based procedures. TANDEM provides a sophisticated troubleshooting interface. A remote engineer becomes a telepresence, able to pinpoint process issues for on-the-floor operators by ‘seeing what operators see’, and drawing on their field of vision in real-time. Engineers can also use the app to bring graphs, historical process data and P&ID’s into the manufacturing suite for troubleshooting.
###aProlix
aProlix is a customer service platform that aims to improve the smartphone experience between customers and businesses. The problem is two-fold:
1) businesses struggle in managing their call centers to provide great and cost-effective customer service, forcing them to put obstacles in the way of their callers;
2) callers get frustrated when waiting on hold or listening through long recorded audio menus, leading to poor company reputation and lowered sales and loyalty. 

Their product is two-fold - it provides:
1) smartphone callers with a seamlessly accessible web menu to schedule callbacks for assistance
2) businesses with a web dashboard to better serve their customers' requests.

As long as a caller has a smartphone with web access, they are redirected from a phone call to a link within an SMS that allows them to see a web menu in order to submit a request to either receive a callback or to be texted back. We currently have three clients on board that provide us with user experience data, which we use to iterate on new features. This solution is unique because it organically hooks smartphone callers into a business' customer service funnel and allows for 1-1 and 1-many communications via SMS.
###ArtsUp
ArtsUp addresses 2 problems experienced by their team members, as independent artists and arts lovers:

1) Independent artists struggle to generate moderate/large audiences and income. 

2) Arts lovers struggle to find information about arts events they want to attend. This information is spread online, and often arts lovers miss arts events or found about them after they happened. 

These problems are "the 2 sides of the same coin", as validated through interviews/observation. 

ArtsUp is a mobile/web app that connects arts lovers (demand) and independent artists (offer). It allows independent artists to announce their events, which pop-up on the map. Arts lovers can find arts events happening around them, in streets or venues. The app allows filtering events by arts genres. It geo-localizes events and gives map directions to get to the events. It allows cashless arts lovers to tip and to hire artists, and to buy tickets, all through mobile payments. Arts lovers can also get notifications based on their taste (learned by the app) and artists followed. 

ArtsUp is more than an app. It’s a movement (couchsurfing-like) for the independent arts to thrive everywhere. Arts lovers can now discover, enjoy and crowd-fund authentic arts – event after event.
###Assured
Buying insurance for mobile devices (phones and tablets) disadvantages cautious and responsible users due to the absence of price discrimination. The standard practice for protection plan providers is to charge everyone the same price for coverage regardless of the user’s device history, demographics or usage behavior. This one-price-for-all-users (approx.. 10 USD/month) strategy means careful and responsible consumers pay a significant premium to their actuarially fair trade of risk while careless users enjoy a discount. In other words, the cautious subsidize the costs for the careless. Assured believed careful and responsible people deserve a fair trade on risk (which can be as low as 2 USD/month) and should not have to subsidize the cost for the careless. Assured uses data from device sensors and predictive analytics to assess an individual’s risk and provide insights to lower their risk of loss and damage. Assured offers fairly priced and transparent insurance via the mobile app for low-risk users of smartphones.
###Audacy
Audacy solves the communication problem for the commercial space industry. Currently, each space company builds its own ground stations to communicate with its spacecraft. However geography and politics mean that no matter how many ground stations are built, 30% earth coverage is the maximum achievable limit. Communications are currently the bottleneck of the commercial space industry. Apart from their expense, ground stations cannot handle anywhere near the data rate generated by modern spacecraft, which for earth-imaging satellites can be terabytes of data every day. Timeliness of data is critical for many companies, so the >70% blackout time represents a significant loss of revenue. Audacy’s constellation of relay satellites provides 100% continuous coverage of all earth-moon space to client spacecraft. It uses the latest wireless multi-access technology to serve high data rates to hundreds of simultaneous users, negating ground stations and removing barriers of entry to the space industry. Companies simply buy a Verizon-style data subscription plan, install an Audacy-approved radio on their spacecraft, and their communications are sorted. There is no doubt that this great consumer need for continuous spacecraft communication will eventually be satisfied, it is simply a question of when and by whom.
###Bandura Games
Bandura Games addresses two problems. The first is that multi-player cooperative video games (where players play on the same team and must cooperate in order to succeed) are extremely popular for PlayStation and XBOX consoles, but have not yet become popular for mobile devices like Apple and Android phones. There are about 2,000 cooperative games for console, and only 200 for mobile. People have a demand for cooperative games, but the market has not responded to design them for mobile devices. Bandura Games takes games that are already popular for mobile devices and redesigns them to be multiplayer and cooperative in order to address that demand. 

The social problem they address is that people across conflict zones rarely interact, which perpetuates conflict. They intend to use our cooperative mobile games as a medium for creating empathy and connections across conflict zones. 
###Beacon: SMS-based emergency medical dispatching for resource-limited settings
If one were to ask the first ten people they met in most U.S. cities what they would do if someone were hit by a car in front of them, most everyone would say, “Call 911.” Ask the same question anywhere in the developing world and they won’t say "911", but they will give you an answer, and if you ask enough people you’ll see patterns in their responses that are describing informal emergency response systems - they're uncoordinated, unreliable, and inefficient, but very robust. Because Western-style ambulance services simply can’t be sustained without lots of money and good roads, Beacon's approach is to strengthen existing systems by leveraging available resources – namely, underemployed young adults with access to transport and phones in their pockets. With nearly 4.5 billion people in the developing world carrying a cellphone, there’s no reason they shouldn’t have a way to call for help, too.
###BioCarbon Engineering
BioCarbon Engineering was founded to plant at least 1 Billion trees (~570,000 Hectares) per year. Net annual destruction of global forests and jungles from over production of lumber, strip surface mining, and increased land usage results in 5 million hectares of forests (~11b trees), disappearing each year. Destruction of these critical ecosystems occurs at a faster rate than reforestation because current planting techniques (e.g. hand planting) cannot match the rate of industrial scale deforestation. Our scalable solution leverages off emerging remote sensing and Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) technologies to enable automated, industrial scale reforestation. The system works in three stages to significantly increase the planting rate (10x) while simultaneously driving down the cost (15% of current planting costs). We will use satellite data sets to evaluate the current ecosystem with 3-5m resolution maps, and we will use UAV sensors to make detailed 5-centimeter resolution maps including topology, ecosystem health, biodiversity, soil types, moisture and nutrients. This data generates an optimized planting pattern map (similar to precision agriculture techniques), matching species to location, and is driven by ecosystem and biodiversity restoration requirements. Finally, we will use UAV-based reforestation combined with the optimized planting pattern to physically plant a tree at each location.
###Bounty Box
More than 6 billion pounds of fresh produce go unharvested or unsold every year in the U.S. A material portion of that produce is wasted simply because it's the wrong size, shape or color. In other words, it isn't pretty or uniform enough for the grocery store shelf. (Think crooked carrots or small apples.) That loss impacts farmers (lower profit) and the environment (waste of water & energy, increased methane). Meanwhile, consumer demand for responsibly grown produce is increasing, as is their desire for convenience and their desire for making a difference through their purchases. Currently, farmers don't have a reliable channel through which to sell the "off-spec" produce, and customers don't have a way to buy it. Bounty Box aims to monetize for farmers the off-spec produce that they can't sell through existing retail channels, aggregate the produce across farms, and then sell that perfectly fresh produce to consumers at a discount to retail. Consumers pay less, farmers get paid more, and collectively we reduce food waste. They have been mostly focused on direct-to-consumer sales through produce boxes (125+ boxes sold in only three prototypes), but have had a few enterprise sales as well.
###Call Ambulance
Call Ambulance intends to solve the problems of Emergency Medical Service (EMS) access in India which include - 1) Highly fragmented EMS system - In Delhi alone there are over 400 phone numbers that can be contacted to reach an ambulance. 2) Inability to contact the nearest available ambulance. 3) Effort involved to ascertain your location as needed by the ambulance. 4) Intense verbal effort involved in communicating with the ambulance results in valuable time loss. 5) Inability to track the location of the ambulance once confirmed leads to excessive anxiety. Unmet need - A faster way to connect the patient to emergency medical services in order to reduces chances of morbidity and mortality. Unique Solution - Call Ambulance offers a smartphone mobile app through which a user be connected to the most appropriate and fastest available emergency medical service and communicate his emergency condition and location with minimum effort. Call Ambulance also plans to develop non-smartphone based solutions in the future for a greater coverage. To achieve this, Call Ambulance will create a network of available ambulances. Please note that this technology currently belongs to the Department of Biotechnology Govt. of India and has been developed under the Stanford-India Biodesign Program.
###Cerulean Robotics
Video recording devices are now ubiquitous. As smartphones, GoPros, and DSLRs record our lives in high definition, we can get so caught up in capturing a moment that we often forget to enjoy the moment while it’s happening. More often than not, our videos don’t come out as we intend. Subjects are out of frame or the footage is not good quality, making even a mountain biking adventure for example turn out to be unwatchable. In our selfie generation, if we want to be in our own videos we have to have another person shooting the footage. Even professional camera operators have trouble tracking moving subjects while they themselves are moving.

Camtron is an intelligent and personal robotic cameraman. Camtron stabilizes your camera about 3 axes and intelligently tracks subjects using our advanced computer vision and machine learning algorithms without the use of a beacon. Simply identify a subject using our app, and our system will stay locked-on, even if it is in motion or the subject is obstructed momentarily. Camtron produces effortlessly smooth footage of your experience and leaves you free to enjoy without the hassle or worry that comes with other products.
###Civil
Civil empowers voices everywhere. It’s democracy at its finest.

With Civil, you can directly voice your opinion to your city, state, or any community officials completely anonymously, and vote on others’ ideas. It’s the safest, easiest way to communicate with your officials and hold them accountable for your fellow citizens’ thoughts and opinions. 

Think the speed limit on Biscot Street should honestly be increased to 40 MPH? Anonymously post a quick sentence about it on Civil, and if enough people agree with you by voting it up, your city official will take notice and respond directly.

You don’t always have to contribute new suggestions. By simply voting up or down on others’ ideas, you’re making your voice heard. Individual voices add up, and Civil makes sure officials dedicate their attention to the ones that matter to most people.

No matter what race or gender you are, what language you speak, or how old you are, Civil’s inherent anonymity ensures that everyone is equally represented as one valuable community member.
###Codehub
Startups in Silicon Valley are looking for talented developers in a tough market; developers in the Philippines are talented, but lack some specific skills and access to the American markets. Codehub will provide training and management for a pool of talented Filipino developers, and provide software consulting services to US corporations. This market is particularly ripe because of the salary gaps involved. The average software engineer salary in San Francisco is $103,367. Compare that to the average Philippine salary of $12,500. We’ve been successuly finding developers who can perform, and have been providing software consulting services to companies in the Bay Area for almost a year. All the members of our team are heavily involved in computer science education. One of us is a Stanford Computer Science Teaching Assistant, another gives regular Python and data science workshops, and the last one is a User Experience mentor and a Teaching Assiant for Codepath’s Swift iOS course. We’re now looking to offer a code bootcamp to fill a critical gap in Philippine computer science education. We want to bust open a whole new range of global market opportunities for talented but undereducated Filipino developers.
###CookNook
CookNook is a new FoodTech concept within the restaurant replacement space that connects domestic cooks with eaters through a marketplace and meal delivery system. Domestic cooks will operate mini-restaurants from the comfort of their own homes that will supply meals to eaters through quick and efficient logistics. Similar to how a consumer can order food delivery on GrubHub or DoorDash, consumers will be able to see meals that are being cooked by “qualified chefs” within some geographic proximity. Meals can be ordered in advance or on an ad-hoc basis and will be delivered at a predetermined time.

CookNook’s value proposition to cooks comes from empowering cooks to be microentrepreneurs that can sell meals through a marketplace of eaters. The value proposition for eaters comes from (i) lower-cost meals (through limited overhead and potential access to wholesale produce) (ii) faster delivery time (through cooking a very limited menu of entrees) and (iii) the nostalgia of eating a home-cooked meal. CookNook will seek to replicate the sharing economy value proposition that Airbnb and Uber are able to generate from underutilized spare rooms and cars, respectively, by extracting more value from domestic kitchen and skilled cooking labor.
###Couch Potatoes
They're responding to a fundamental, significant change. Millennials are renting apartments instead of buying them -- and they are moving once every few years. Today, roughly 50% of people rent, typically with a partner or roommate. Investing in furniture no longer makes sense. Why shell out thousands of dollars for a furniture piece that is priced to own for 10+ years when you know you’ll be moving within the next couple years? Millennials -- especially the dozens we've interviewed -- crave the flexibility that accommodates their lifestyle coupled with the appealing, modern aesthetic of an adult. Today, individuals can choose between buying cheaper furniture (Ikea) that lacks style or paying for expensive furniture that they then need to worry about re-selling a few years down the line.

Couch Potatoes’ solution is simple: Rent furniture. Buy time.

They're a hassle-free way to a fabulous (easy!) home. If you're done scouring for cool stuff, worrying about dimensions, waiting for multiple deliveries, and then stressing about how to sell your loot at a loss -- outsource to them. 

They rent, deliver, and pick-up a designer-quality look, so you can spend less time moving and more time living. 
###Create Cusine
Next to smoking, obesity is the second leading cause of preventable death in the United States. One in three children in the United States are overweight or obese. More notably, due to the rising obesity epidemic, this is the first time in history that American children are expected to live shorter lives than their parents.

Obese children are more prone to miss school and have lower self-esteem, leading to decreased academic performance. Additionally, childhood obesity increases the risk of chronic disease, including heart disease, which is the top cause of death in the United States. While there are a number of other organizations working in the area, none specifically focus on getting children to enjoy eating produce.

It is from these insights that Create Cuisine chose to focus on enhancing the produce eating experience for children by encouraging what kids already love to do-play with their food. Create Cuisine encourages kids to literally play with their food, building carrot stick towers with delicious hummus dip (Green Machine, Razzy Red, Spicy Sriracha, and Perfect Plain). Although this is their current prototype, they plan to expand Create Cuisine to include multiple assembly based produce snacks.
###DoseDoctor
Diabetes costs 245 billion dollars annually. Much of that cost is associated with diabetic complications, hospitalization, and loss of productivity (170 billion). This is a product of poor glycemic control. Causes are multifactorial, and this application seeks to mitigate all factors that reduce compliance. This idea combines a mobile application with a cloud-based service. Patients log, track, and monitor their blood glucose, insulin, and life-style events in the mobile app. That mobile app transmits the data to the cloud. This data is retrievable by the patient on the application and by the physician through the physician portal. The cloud stores physician-instructions on when and how to titrate the insulin based on blood glucose, and the application reports dose changes to the patient. The complexity of titration is taken out of the patient's hands and allows them to focus on medication adherence and life-style changes. The danger of self-titration is limited through the physician portal, which allows data to be retrieved at any time and physicians to be notified of dangerous blood glucose ranges. It also allows for easy access to data during clinic appointments, facilitating throughput on clinic day. Better glycemic control, fewer complications. Fewer complications, better lives, less cost.
###Ebotic
Though gaming and entertainment systems are becoming more physically engaging, current products are still not fully compatible with an active lifestyle. Ebotic is developing a drone game console/platform that interacts with the user autonomously indoor and outdoor via app and voice command. The gaming platform offers a truly 3D physically interactive experience. Because their machine is physically able to move on its own, games no longer have to stay in one room and our gamer no longer has to stand in one spot.

With vision sensors, an on-board OS to run apps, and a standard interface to clip on hardware, this robot will move according to hand gestures, avoid obstacles, and carry hardware for new games (Nerf basketball hoop, claw, target board, etc.). Ebotic will have both indoor and outdoor games, but their current focus is on developing the technology for indoor games. They are experimenting and creating games now to decide which ones will be released upon launch. App developers will create many more new, unique, games and applications.
###Eden
Eden is solving the powerful consumer frustration related to technology installation and maintenance at the home. It is a hassle to install consumer electronics (e.g., TV mounting) and frustrating to repair and maintain it when it malfunctions (e.g., computer viruses). Further, there are currently no customer-oriented, on demand providers of tech support to turn to, as Geek Squad has a 1.5 star rating on Yelp! due to terrible customer service (despite having $2+ billion in sales). 

As such, the founders built Eden, which provides on demand tech support for consumers. They have a platform of vetted, 5-star tech contractors who come right to the consumer, whenever they are needed. They are offering the traditional Geek Squad services using an Uber contractor model, and also have newer services related to home automation / internet of things. They are post-pilot / post-revenue and recently raised $100K+ of venture funding from a leading venture capital firm in Silicon Valley.
###EVIMED- Central Venous Catheter Connector
Over 15% of patients undergoing central venous catheterization (CVC) have complications, including mechanical, infectious and thrombotic events. Nearly 5-15% of patients with CVC experience central line-associated bloodstream infections (CLABSI). It is the most common nosocomial (in-hospital) infection and results in prolonged length of stay (from 5-20 days), significant morbidity and an increase in crude mortality (from 12-25%). CVC infections remain common in the U.S., with over 80,000 CLABSIs each year. Most efforts to reduce CLABSI involve behavior modifications to mitigate patient risk during CVC insertion and maintenance - these behavior modifications fall short of solving the problem. A thoughtless solution is needed to eliminate this serious infection, save lives, and reduce wasteful spending. 

EVIMED has developed a port protector device that attaches to a needleless connector on a catheter hub. This port protector provides effortless sterilization releasing a combination of alcohol and chlorohexidine upon connection.The EVIMED eliminates the need for behavioral modification. Initial testing demonstrates the product will lower infections by over 50%! We have filed for a provisional patent, and the Stanford Vascular access team is excited to run a trial this Summer.
###FindX
INTERNSHIP! INTERNSHIP! INTERNSHIP! This single word encompasses one of the most stressful aspects of college life. Applying for internships is a time-consuming process that begins with researching companies to apply to. This can be by attending career fairs, online research, or through word of mouth. Students then apply to companies via an application on the company’s website and begin to wait. If fortunate, students will hear back from these companies with an opportunity to interview until either an offer is given or the candidate is declined. At any point in this process, the student is usually waiting for the company to schedule an interview or return with an offer. The internship process lacks transparency and students are forced to wait for companies respond.

FindX will improve the internship hunt experience via three components. First, FindX will index startups which may be a good match for a student, but lack the visibility to attract many applicants. After completing a single application upon joining FindX, students can discover and apply to any company with a simple click. Lastly, FindX will mandate candidacy status updates and minimum turnaround times to reduce the uncertainty and timespan of the internship hunting process.
###FirstResponse Disaster Solutions
FirstResponse Disaster Solutions focuses on saving lives and money by fundamentally changing post-disaster response prioritization and resource management.

They address disaster issues such as:
1)First day is lost to chaos after a large emergency -- initial assessments take days
2)No unifying information technology platform for disaster response
3)Response priorities based only on ad-hoc decisions from 911 calls -- delayed rescue

Their solution is a cloud-based immediate damage predictions and response recommendations after a disaster customized to each region

FirstResponse Disaster Solution's features include:
1) Damage predictions available in minutes via a visual color-coded map application
2) Collates data sources across various emergency support functions that enriches with live reports. (This is an additional feature we have obtained via customer reports)
3) Provides information about critical infrastructure (as dictated by each jurisdiction) & safe routes 
4) Recommends response priorities by accounting for priority level, population density, and damage
###FirstStep
Asthma is a chronic inflammatory disease of the airways characterized by variable and recurring symptoms. The disease leads to episodes of wheezing, breathlessness and coughing . Some people are able to control the disease and avoid severe exacerbations via existing therapies and the use of “asthma action plans,” but people with moderate or severe persistent asthma have difficulty doing so and frequently utilize costly health care services. One problem is that the action plans have relatively subjective criteria that rely on late signs of exacerbations. There is a need for more accurate, objective indicators of asthma status to enable families of pediatric asthma patients to better control the disease, analogous to the way glucometers enable a primarily home-­based control of diabetes.

FirstStep's innovation is a system for early detection of asthma exacerbations. It employs passive nighttime monitoring of physiologic parameters of an asthmatic patient and environmental factors combined with personalized analytics to provide early detection of an exacerbation. The information provided by the system can be used by patients and providers working under the framework of an asthma action plan to initiate the use of proven therapeutics that can alleviate the severity of the exacerbation.
###FlossTime
According to statistics, more than half of the US population (>150 million) do not floss on a daily basis while a third of all Americans do not floss at all. As flossing does the work required to remove plaque from your teeth, the lack of flossing leads to periodontal diseases and bad breath. Clinical studies further indicate that poor oral hygiene has been linked to many chronic diseases such as diabetes, heart disease and cancer. Flossing, as with anything else, is a HABIT that needs to be cultivated. Most products focus on simply making flossing easier or improving the quality of the floss, both of which do not help consumers build daily flossing habits. The solution is FlossTime, the world's first of a kind, smart-learning, automated floss reminder and dispenser device. FlossTime mounts to your bathroom mirror and then programs itself to remind you for how long and when to floss. FlossTime dispenses and cuts your floss, and provides colorful LED light cues for flossing time and duration. Compared to current flossing methods, FlossTime is the only product designed with habit-forming mechanisms in mind, and will help to improve flossing compliance and general dental health in adults and children.
###FoodMatix
There are three main problems associated with university food waste:
1) students are not satisfied with the quality of food, which leads to plate waste
2) dining halls cannot anticipate accurate number of students and how much food to produce on a daily basis
3) no accessible platform to improve communication between dining halls and students.

FoodMatix's strategy is to reduce food waste by improving information exchange between students and dining management that takes into account the incentives of both parties. They intend to build an app that will serve as a platform for information exchange. The app allows dining halls to provide information including menu, caloric intake, incentivized RSVP options, and feedback. A detailed menu allows students to optimize satisfactory food consumption, which leads to less food waste. Incentivized RSVP, e.g., in the form of bonus meals, improves prediction of student attendance. Lastly, feedback, in the form of reviews and comments, allows dining halls to better understand and satisfy student food preferences.
###Footsteps
Problem: Patients are aware that physical therapy (PT) is necessary for recovery, but even the most athletically-minded, motivated people sometimes lose motivation to do assigned at-home exercises because it's time-consuming, boring, and performed solo. Patients forget to do their exercises because they lack tools to integrate PT into their daily routine and are sometimes unsure what they're supposed to do. When patients don't do PT, they take longer to recover and may get re-injured. Solution: Footsteps is a mobile app and web platform aimed to improve the at-home PT experience. Footsteps empower patients with supports tools based on published research, over 120 interviews with patients and therapists, beta-tester feedback, and consultation with experts from Stanford’s Persuasive Technology Lab. Footsteps includes habit-forming features so that patients keep coming back each day. This includes a customized exercise plan, meaningful goal-setting, thoughtful reminders, gamified progress, the ability to virtually include family and friends for moral support, and access to phone consultations with Footsteps' PT experts on staff. Footsteps believes that by first targeting athletically-minded patients (deemed "weekend warriors"), Footsteps can gain early traction and later target insurers to make Footsteps available more broadly.
###Frucket
The founders of Frucket surveyed over 100 college-age students and identified 3 major pain points: 

1: Email and messaging apps are the most commonly used tools by groups of friends to make plans together; however, long chain emails and disorganized group messaging environments fail to facilitate efficient coordination amongst busy friends (90% of those surveyed found event-planning in groups difficult).
2: Once people think of awesome things they could do with their friends, they often do not jot these great ideas down and thus end up forgetting (96% of those surveyed said they often forget ideas for things they want to do with their friends).
3: Users have to bounce between different apps and tools to create a list of ideas, plan these ideas, and to share and remember these memories afterwards.

Frucket's solution is to give friends a way to keep track of their ideas together (collaborative list creation), make the planning process effortless and fun (collaborative up-voting), and to house all these functions from the idea curation, creation, planning, and remembering all under one roof.

Frucket provides a unique space for busy groups of friends to create, plan, broadcast, and remember their greatest ideas and memories together.
###Gayle
In the US, 15.5 million informal, unpaid caregivers provide care for people with dementia. Most of these caregivers are overwhelmed by financial, medical and psychological strain. Caregiver strain is associated with negative health outcomes in both the caregiver and the patient, including increased risk of hospitalization for both. The informal caregiver, typically a close relative, on average has no background in personal care or dementia, no training in chronic disease management, no support team, and an otherwise very busy life. Educational content and resources exist to help these caregivers better manage care, but this information is confined to websites and brochures and not easily accessible when needed. Through speaking with thought leaders, professional caregivers, and many informal caregivers, Gayle learned that caregivers need ways to engage continually with their loved one with dementia. Gayle's solution is a mobile platform that utilizes data about daily behaviors and interests to provide personalized activity recommendations for dementia caregivers. Gayle first collects a personalized care assessment that includes patient demographics, behavior habits and an extensive personal and family history. This information, combined with date, time, weather and location from the mobile phone, inform recommendation content at the right time and the right place.
###Genemetric
Many diseases including cancer, diabetes, autism, and genetic disorders leading to nutritional deficiencies are associated with changes in the genetic code that cannot be detected by traditional sequencing methods. Methods to detect gene copy number variations, deletions and insertions are needed to complement sequencing platforms in a large number of clinical applications, but existing techniques are expensive and time-intensive. These techniques are also low-resolution, able to detect changes in DNA only on the order of 2,000 bases or more. This prevents the detection of many disorders. Because of this, there is a huge need for cost-effective technologies that can identify changes in DNA sequence length on a finer scale. Our technology can meet this need through a new high-resolution imaging system, which can resolve changes in the length of specific DNA fragments on the order of 100 basepair (30 nm).
###Genesis Technologies
Genesis Technologies is developing a next-generation platform for gene synthesis, the process of turning digital computer text into physical DNA sequences. Current methods of gene synthesis are slow and expensive, and rely on dated technology from the 1970s. These methods consume expensive and cost-limiting chemical building blocks (oligonucleotides) during the synthesis process, resulting in high prices to customers. Additionally, these methods cannot handle sequence complexities such as repetitions, which forces customers to redesign their sequences to accommodate the service provider. Finally, turnaround time is very poor, with customers usually waiting 20 days or more for their sequences to be synthesized and delivered. The result is a high-cost, low-quality product that impedes research progress into game-changing applications like microbe-derived biofuels and anti-cancer biotherapeutics. Our solution is next-generation technology that will reuse the raw materials that current technologies consume, and use catalytic reactions on an all solid-phase, chip-based platform. This method will synthesize and ship DNA an order of magnitude more cheaply and more quickly than all competing services. Our technology will allow us to service the $850M and growing market for DNA synthesis more efficiently and affordably than our competitors. Our vision is to become the leading provider for synthesized DNA.
###Give A Day Global
Give a Day Global addresses two problems:
1) Nonprofit organizations in developing countries need sustainable revenue streams and more supporters in order to serve their communities.
2) International travellers want unique, authentic, and meaningful experiences that can fit into their itineraries.

Their solution is a web and mobile platform that lists one day volunteering opportunities at nonprofit organizations in developing countries. 

They make it convenient for travelers to do good while having fun, in addition to providing nonprofits with an ongoing revenue stream, new supporters, and increased visibility. 

Travelers can browse and book online, which fits in with travel industry trends for booking travel tours and activities on web and mobile platforms.

They currently have 15 vetted nonprofit organizations listed on our platform in Asia, Africa, and Latin America all located near large hub cities or tourist destinations. They have had 43 users volunteer for a day, all with raving reviews. They are working on expanding our pilot to learn more about both sides of our platform we may begin to scale.
###GlamPass
Local beauty service providers have excess supply and lack a reliable channel to find new customers. GlamPass intends to serve as a market-maker to match excess supply with unfulfilled demand. By bundling local beauty services into a network and offering their excess supply to consumers via an "unlimited" subscription model, GlamPass will be able to match the supply & demand curves.
###Healthy Horizons Lactation Services
There is a lack of support for women who are lactating/breastfeeding in the workforce. Companies with 50+ employees are required by federal and state law to provide breastfeeding facilities. This also affects female employee retention, morale, job satisfaction, and work life balance. There is a lack of education and training for managers around these mandates and lactation accommodations which effects support of these programs. The solution is Healthy Horizons Lactation Services. We offer a comprehensive approach to workplace lactation support that is more than just a pump and a room. It entails a detailed analysis of demographics related to the number of woman and new parents who will need such services. We then provide lactation accommodation policy (which is mandated) review, draft and revisions individualized to each company and along with management training on an ongoing basis. We support the company’s ability to provide proper and comprehensive support by offering the following services. Lactation space design and consultation, pump and products procurement, pump and lactation room monitoring, servicing of equipment. Prenatal and postnatal education and support services such as classes and one on one lactation support via in person, phone, video conferencing, texting and e-mail by certified lactation consultants.
###Helping Hands Healthcare
The American health care system is unaffordable. Despite the Government spending hundreds of billions of dollars to broaden the accessibility of care to those who cannot afford it, millions of Americans still cannot afford their medical bills and even avoid receiving care at all out of fear of cost. Now, more frequently than ever (thanks to ACA plans and their high deductibles), providers are acting as collection agents. This a costly and time-consuming logistical headache for care providers and puts financial pressure on those who can afford it the least. Providers are incentivized to deny care for high-risk patients, and some do while others bite the bullet and accept the risk that they might not get paid for services provided. And every unpaid service pushes an institution deeper into debt and renders it less able to effectively do its job. Helping Hands Healtchare would like to subsidize the forgiveness of medical bills by proposing a platform through which medical providers can balance debts owed while alleviating financial pressure on their clients. Helping Hands Healtchare wants to offer medical institutions a platform to raise money from the public in exchange for forgiving a proportionate amount of patient debt.
###Huzza
Market dynamics have forced musicians to release their music for free. Musicians may have many fans, yet only make money on live performances, and most of the money is going to the top 1%. There is no easy way for fans to directly support and connect with their favorite musicians even though they want to. The economics of the music industry are complex and outdated with so many middlemen between the musician and their fans. When you buy a song on iTunes, only a fraction of the $1 gets to the artist and months later. These models are still reminiscent of the radio era. In today’s world, this makes no sense. Huzza is an app that lets you effortlessly tip any song or artist with a credit card or Bitcoin. On Huzza, the tip is just the beginning of a conversation. Artists engage directly back with their biggest fans with exclusive content. Tips form a social feed, where fans can listen to what their friends are tipping and discover new music. Fans know exactly where their money goes, and musicians get instant direct feedback from their most devoted fans. It’s all about direct fan-artist payments, engagement and sharing.
###inner circle
Influencers (i.e. athletes, musicians, entertainers, politicians, etc) believe authentic, meaningful fan interaction through social media is one of the best ways to build their personal brand and attract endorsements, but they currently have a difficult time uniquely engaging with fans via social media due to many points of friction (filtering, ease of setup, data availability), making it time-consuming and inefficient. This leads to many athletes being hesitant and/or resistant to connecting with their fans.

A social media platform built for influencers offering intuitive, easy-to-use tools and back-end filtering of comments and data to provide streamlined, improved fan interaction with fewer points of friction. Tools include:
- Q&A Chats & Video “Press Conferences”
- High-Quality Curated Videos
- Contests for Prizes & In-Person Meetings
- Content Analytics & Dashboard

###Inquix
The world has become increasingly interconnected, with the internet of things pervading the lives of consumers – from television sets to the fridge. The benefits of generating and collecting data have allowed people to make better decisions: consider how Nest has allowed homes to optimize power usage. We believe that this functionality should be extended to, and is even more critical for industrial applications. Inquix will bring these traditional machines into the Industrial Internet of Things using modular sensors which can be retrofitted easily. Targeting clients that do not have a comprehensive IoT solution, Inquix will simplify the existing tedium of manual data collection from each machine, by sending vital information to a centralized database wirelessly and in real time. Our software will use this data to generate valuable insights for users, allowing them to identify bottlenecks, optimize their processes, and interact with their data as a whole. Inquix will allow our customers to benefit from a fully-connected process chain and optimized operations, without a large capital investment for acquiring new systems.
###Intact Therapeutics
About 1.5 million Americans suffer from inflammatory bowel disease (IBD). Oral or parenteral systemic agents are often used to treat IBD. However, topical therapies delivered rectally, such as enemas, are recommended first-line treatments, given their efficacy and fewer side effects. Despite these advantages, adherence is less than 50%, as patients are unable to tolerate enemas due to urgency/spasm and the inability to retain liquid for the recommended dosing/time frame (once/twice a day for 1-3 hours). Patients need better topical therapies that are equally effective as enemas but are more tolerable and maintain low systemic side effects.

Intact Therapeutics offers a thermosensitive delivery platform containing budesonide (a corticosteroid with lower systemic toxicity than other steroids), which is self-administered at room temperature as a liquid, thereby reaching as proximally as liquid enemas. At body temperature the solution transitions to a gel, similar to the consistency of toothpaste. The gel’s higher viscosity enhances retention and is designed to improve acceptance by IBD patients. The formulation is mucoadhesive and coats the colon, optimizing drug delivery and exposure time. Intact Therapeutics has conducted extensive animal studies and has initiated a pilot human study at Stanford evaluating the tolerability of the liquid-gel, with very encouraging early results.
###JetInsight
Private aircraft charter operators lack the technology necessary to collect data and optimize their businesses. Most operators still use legacy technology from the 1990s that lacks salesforce automation, revenue management, and customer relatonshp management (CRM) capabilities that are standard in most comparable industries. Generic products such as Salesforce are not suitable for the industry due to its complex quoting, perishable and fixed inventory, and required integration with operational systems. We are building a sales and CRM platform specifically for the private aviation charter industry. We streamline the workflow for operators from the initial quote request through to invoicing (including automated quoting, salesforce automation, electronic contracting, online payment, and CRM capabilities). More importantly, we provide actionable insights from the data that operators generate through the platform to help operators increase their conversion, optimize pricing, and reduce repositioning flights (empty legs). Simply put, we convert operators from intuition-driven sales to data-driven sales.
###Kibbit
Soft skills are critical to career success, but people don't train them and miss out on opportunities because of it (e.g., blowing a job interview, or not negotiating salary). Kibbit finds people practice partners through a special matching algorithm, then gives them a curated experience to learn, practice via video chat, record feedback, and track progress, including benchmarking performance against others.

Practicing soft skills can seem intimidating, but Kibbit makes it fun through great UX/UI and building on small modular experiences which celebrate progress using gamification and social tools. The way Duolingo made language learning fun, Kibbit makes job interview prep, and other interpersonal skills training fun.
###Legacy Partners
Legacy Partners is a tech-enabled service that improves quality and reduces cost in end-of-life care. Currently, incentives, constraints, and mindsets create a healthcare system in which 1) terminally-ill patients do not engage in end-of-life planning; 2) patients and their families lack information and agency when it comes to their end-of-life care; and 3) providers often pursue treatment beyond what is consistent with patients’ values and quality of life. As a result, end-of-life care fails to meet patient needs, leaves undue burden on families and caregivers, and incurs inordinate costs. Medicare alone spends $170B (28% of its annual budget) on the last 6 months of care, yet less than one third of families who want to engage in end-of-life planning actually do so. Legacy Partners couples parahealth professionals with a patient-centric technology platform to engage, educate, and empower families to understand options, prioritize values, and enable behavior change. Building on trusted relationships and elegant tools, we disrupt the revolving door of healthcare and drive ROI by reducing unwanted care while dramatically improving patient satisfaction.
###Leprechaun
The lottery is a scam. An average American adult spends $860.7 on the lottery annually when winning is almost impossible (odds of winning the Powerball jackpot is 1 in 175 million). Leprechaun wants to make playing the lottery a good idea again. Leprechaun is a lottery that is both free and easier to win. Leprechaun shows ads on the Android lock screen. For every ad swiped, the user gets a ticket into the Leprechaun lottery. The $100 weekly jackpot Leprechaun offers is "hyperlocal," meaning that someone nearby in the user's neighborhood, school or area will win. In addition to the jackpot, the user can also win promotional rewards from the ad sponsors.
###Libra
Humanities students are at a gross disadvantage when it comes to self-directed studying. Say one just reads Marx and loves his discussion of the historical dialectic. Where is he to go from there? If one were a CS or engineering student with a problem, one quick google search would lead me to discussions of similar problems or even solution manuals. Obviously no "solutions manual" exists for Marx to unravel the mysteries of literature and philosophy. The closest equivalent is going to professors' office hours, but unfortunately this option is limited in availability, and is restricted to students at a given university. Libra is our solution. By analyzing historical data, citation indexes, and ideological trends, it will find and rank related texts for maximum intellectual relevance. Libra differs from a standard Google or Searchworks search as it will not only suggest the explicit text of the work in question, but also works that engage the same ideas at a higher intellectual level. Thus it would identify works that are contemporary, preceding, or following a given work with no direct connection to the original work.
###Loro (Closer Labs Inc.)
Today's mobile apps and messaging services have made it easier to keep up with people far away, but are making us lose touch with those around us.

Conversations with people in our building (residential or office), the broader university community (not just our program), the crowd at the stadium, music festival, industry event, etc. are not one to one, but more like a chatroom or forum. Our solution allows for overlapping groups of this nature to arise and disappear organically, without tedious mechanical intervention or previous affinity required.

A mobile app that lets you enter conversations with groups of people around you by showing you a reddit-like list of user-generated broadcasts organized by quality score (upvotes+comments), depreciated by time, and within a defined Radius of influence. 

Each one of these broadcasts is the beginning thread of a conversation that you may join to interact with others, without needing any prior affinity (to help meet new people).
###LUCID VR
Lucid VR addresses the problem of a lack accessible cameras and thus a lack of content for the Virtual Reality community. 

Their solution is a playback app and platform for VR content, and a reasonably affordable camera sell and grow the universe of user generated content.
###MagicChalk
Currently only 17.1 % of the women living in Urban Slums are employed and those who are employed are paid very less. Above all, the Illiteracy rate, drop out rate and the enrollment rate in the Pre-Primary Schools is also very poor. The various substitutes/competitors that are present are focusing on only one issue. Either there are schools which provide just education or centers which provide vocational trainings to women. MagicChalk's aim is to utilizing big data and predictive analytics effectively later to ensure positive societal change, particularly in relation to early childhood education.
###Magnetos
Magnetos's problem is that for shoppers, their fridge is currently disconnected from their list-making, grocery-shopping, and spontaneous eating and cooking activities. 

Magnetos's product bridges that gap by providing both a set of smart hardwares which are connected to your fridge to gather all that information, and a companion app that does the list-making for you.

This is the first of our many products. Their goal is to make household appliances and furniture truly smart (not just stick a screen and add wifi on it). Their goal is to reimagine your whole experience with the use of technology. So you can cook, clean, entertain, do the same things you always do, but smartly.
###Mailias
I don’t need to know what type of cell phone you’re using to call you. I don’t need to know what laptop you’re on to email you. Why, then, should I need to know what apartment you’re living in to send you mail? With email, cell phones, and the internet, we’ve learned the right way to do things. But how do you fix a system that’s been around for hundreds of years?

Updating addresses is a headache for both individuals and corporations - individuals must remember to notify every credit card company, every service, and every friend or family member. The existing USPS Change of Address service is only a temporary solution. 

Corporations pay for returned mail insurance and for USPS Change of Address data to maintain the accuracy of their mailing databases. 

Mailias provides users with unique Mailias “virtual address,” which they can freely distribute. Users will need to only update once, and the change will propagate to anyone using their virtual address. Additionally, users can control for whom and for how long a virtual address can be used. Mailias will bring direct mail to the 21st century, providing users with a secure and permanent address.
###MarketRPM
Traditional financial service systems are for the wealthiest top 1% who have enough money to pay to use the service. According to Forbes, usual rates for financial advice are $250 to $500 per hour and even thousands dollars. How many people can pay for that? Now MarketRPM would like to change it so everyone can reach the information. If you have any thoughts to share you can post it (become an "Author") and other people read it (become a "User") and maybe apply it into their invest strategy. You can buy from, work for, and work with! Anybody can be an author or user and everybody can profit from MarketRPM.com.
###Mesopharm Therapeutics Inc.
Mesopharm seeks to address the problem of aggressive cancers for which current treatments provide suboptimal therapeutic effects. Aggressive cancers are those, which are diagnosed at an advanced (metastatic) stage or have progressed/recurred following previous therapies. Inherently, patients with these aggressive cancers display minimal survival rates, many dying within 12 months. Thus the biopharmaceutical industry (patients, providers, payers, drug companies) is in need of new breakthrough therapeutic modalities.

Two such cancers we are initially targeting are pleural malignant mesothelioma (MLM) and unresectable or metastatic pancreatic cancer (PC). Both populations of patients have minimal survival and limited therapeutic options. The development of targeted and effective therapies has not occurred due to the lack of cancer specific antigens and the ability to deliver sizable therapeutic effects without incurring dose-limiting toxicities.

Our unique solution is a new game-changing drug that utilizes advanced monoclonal antibody design (developed and licensed by the NIH) armed with a radioactive warhead. This candidate is able to deliver a more potent cancer-killing agent in an extremely targeted manner. This allows Mesopharm to create a superior position in the competitive landscape.
###Miti Health
Across East Africa, private-sector health clinics and pharmacies play a critical, frontline role in providing medical care to millions of patients. In Kenya alone, there are more than 6,000 private pharmaceutical outlets that serve as the first and often only point of care for patients and act as a stopgap to the public healthcare system, where drug stockouts occur an estimated 68% of the time. The supply chains that serve these pharmacies, however, are highly fragmented, and it is estimated that 20-45% of medicine sold in Sub-Saharan Africa and South-East Asia is counterfeit or substandard. This results in an estimated 700,000 deaths and $1.6 billion in diverted revenue yearly. These ineffective supply chains, combined with poor information on drug quality and operational inefficiencies, also lead to inflated costs and threaten the quality of care provided to patients. Miti Health addresses these challenges by (1) providing an Android-based smartphone and tablet platform for healthcare providers; (2) certifying high-quality distributors of medication; and (3) building a recognizable brand to strengthen the market power of pharmacists. This integrated system expands patients’ access to affordable, quality healthcare, reduces counterfeit medications sold in East Africa, and provides better information for customers and healthcare providers.
###Molecular Cosmetics
"Incidence of skin cancer in the U.S. creates an enormous toll in human health and medical care costs. UV radiation is the causative agent in approximately 1.3 million basal and squamous cell cancers diagnosed each year, numbers which have steadily increased over the past three decades. The greatest risk factor for skin cancer is UV-radiation exposure from sunlight and indoor tanning. Many people take part in these activities for recreational tanning, despite the risks. Indeed the indoor tanning industry alone has annual sales in excess of $5 billion excluding lotions and spray ons. Any safe topical product which pulled customers from indoor tanning would not only tap into this large market, but directly reduce skin cancer rates.

Our product will use a compound called TR-SNA nanoparticles. When applied to the skin, cells respond as if exposed to sunlight. Skin cells react by producing pigment and catalyzing the skin cells’ DNA-damage repair response. This solves the tanning problem while avoiding the skin damage that results from prolonged sun exposure. In addition mouse studies have been carried out on molecules closely related to those we intend to use with results demonstrating anti-cancer properties and tanning response with no observable toxicity."
###MYcrogrid
US solar companies only offer solar power systems for large houses with monthly utility bills over $100. According to the EIA, about 50 million households in the US (out of 130 million) have electricity bills lower than $100 and therefore don’t have access to typical solar financing options, such as PPAs and leasing agreements, which make solar power systems affordable.

MYcrogrid is designing a safe, modular, do-it-yourself solar powered microgrid backed up with batteries. Their vision is to make solar energy accessible to everyone by making it affordable and as easy to install as a typical household appliance.

Their product would simplify distribution of solar powered microgrid products by selling the all-inclusive package through online retailers, such as Amazon, and possibly through hardware retailers, such as Home Depot or Lowe’s.
###müvr
müvr is developing an integrated platform that empowers patients in maximizing outcomes and accelerating recovery from acute healthcare episodes. To establish this platform, we will initially address the TKR population due to the clear clinical need and deep understanding of the target population. TKR is one of the most common elective procedures. However, one in every five patients undergoing TKR are dissatisfied with their outcome. The reasons for dissatisfaction include unrealistic expectations and sub-optimal recovery of functional ability. 

müvr's initial product for the TKR market, Omnio, uses a wearable hardware component to track clinically validated metrics for measuring TKR recovery – including extension and flexion – as well as a software interface for patient motivation and collection of validated patient reported outcome measures, such as the WOMAC score. As müvr’s behavioral interventions are tested and refined and the needs of other patients are further understood, future products will focus on empowering patients of other acute care episodes. Future markets include other orthopaedic surgeries (e.g. ACL, spine, etc.), acute cardiac event recovery, and more.
###neoLIFE therapeutics
"Catheter-associated bloodstream infections (CABSI) in neonates with umbilical catheters occur at a rate that is five times higher than CABSI in adults (5-15% vs <1%). Furthermore, the morbidity associated with a CABSI in a neonate is 7-11%, meaning that thousands of infants are dying each year from a potentially preventable problem. LIFEbubble, neoLIFE therapeutics’ first medical device, seeks to reduce CABSIs in neonates with umbilical catheters in order to save the lives of these vulnerable infants. 

Multiple devices exist focused on reduction of CABSIs in adults. These devices have two common mechanisms of action: protection of the area around catheter insertion and stabilization of the catheter. For neonates with umbilical catheters, however, the current standard of care is an elaborate tape design by nurses, which does not protect the umbilical area and offers only variable stabilization of the catheter, leading to an increase in potentially preventable CABSIs. LIFEbubble’s design employs the knowledge gained through adult device predicates as it both protects the umbilical stump, where the catheter is inserted, and stabilizes the catheter. Through this unique, tailored design, LIFEbubble will be able to reduce CABSIs in order to save the lives of these vulnerable infants."
###NeoSTREAM/NeoGenesis Inc
Despite its enormous potential, ocean power has contributed very little to global electricity production. Like all renewable energy providers, ocean power companies must overcome several hurdles to rival the market share of fossil-fuel suppliers. One of the biggest hurdles is reliability. Marine environments can wreak havoc on mechanical systems, making them difficult to maintain. Verdant Power installed six tidal turbines in New York City's East River in 2006, only to find that strong tidal flows damaged all but two of the systems. Moreover, placing large man-made structures in the oceans will clearly have some effect on marine life. Tidal barrages present perhaps the biggest challenges. The turbines in these structures can kill fish and impede their migration to spawning areas. Barrages also interfere with the normal flushing of silt and other dissolved pollutants. This affects water quality, which in turn affects bird and fish life. We want to use ocean energy efficient turbines to harness this clean renewable energy to power the world, and to tackle pollution and climate change altogether.
###NeurEcho
Most birth defects occur when pregnant women are unaware that they are at risk. The rate of preterm births (before 37 weeks) has reached 1 in 8 babies in the United States. The annual cost to society (medical, educational and lost productivity) of preterm births fluctuates around $23-28 billion. Albeit practically all pregnant women undergo routine obstetric ultrasound examinations, reliable home monitoring of high-risk pregnancy patients has yet been unresolved. NeurEcho's primary target customers are expecting parents who worry about their baby’s development, and express great need for any kind of pregnancy monitoring tools to help them understand what they are going through day-by-day. NeurEcho's wearable system utilizes bioelectric sensors for real-time measurement of the brain- and heart activity of the baby thereby helping to prevent fetal distress. The unique waveform-analysis algorithms guarantee outstanding specificity. The system has three components: 1) a comfortable pregnancy-belt with embedded sensors and Bluetooth transmitter; 2) a mobile app with "Augmented Reality" display, allowing users to share baby-news via social media, discuss their problems with other users or with their physician via an integrated mHealth consultancy platform; and 3) secure private servers for patient data storage.
###New Hope Ecotech
The World Bank estimates that 1–2% of the global population subsists by waste picking. Millions of waste pickers survive by collecting and selling solid waste. Most face extremely poor working conditions and have very low incomes with marked down prices for their materials. Although waste pickers create value to society by collecting and recycling waste, they are rarely treated with respect and never paid for the services they provide. Consumer Product Goods (CPG) manufacturers are in great need for recycling solutions in Brazil. In August 2014, a new National Waste Management Policy was enacted. Based on the “polluter pays” principle, CPG manufacturers are mandated to collect and recycle packaging materials they have inserted into the market. The government has set recycling rates targets and penalties for noncompliance. New Hope Ecotech is a software company that leverages Brazil’s independent workforce of recyclers to satisfy the new regulatory recycling obligation for manufacturers. NHE aims to connect manufacturers with waste pickers via tradable environmental securities and direct servicing. These securities (similar to Carbon Credits, but for recyclables) solve manufacturers’ recycling obligations, increase overall recycling rates and generate additional stable income and reduced volatility for waste pickers.
###NexTint
A large portion of building facades is made of glass to provide occupants with a connection to the outside world that can improve mood and productivity while also bringing in natural daylight, but intense sunlight can also cause glare, uncomfortable heating, and increased cooling costs. Blinds, which tend to stay closed, and static tints, which sacrifice daylighting, are not ideal solutions, but they are cost-effective and thus widespread. Electrochromic windows are recognized as an excellent technology that can satisfy variety of requirements placed on windows, but current technologies are too expensive for widespread adoption. 

Using a low-cost material and manufacturing process, NexTint is developing an electrochromic, plastic film that can be applied as a retrofit to existing windows. Leading competitors, Sage, View are selling whole, electrochromic glazing units for up to $150/ft^2. Using patent-pending stability innovations inspired by PhD work of our cofounders, NexTint has developed an electrochromic material that can be roll-to-roll printed on plastic and applied to existing windows for retrofit solutions, resulting in a much lower installed cost for the film of $20-25/ft^2 and access to a much larger market.
###Nom Naturals
As the Wall Street Journal writes, "US consumers continue to eat in cars. People are snacking more instead of cooking meals. They want healthy, exciting food that still tastes good." Nom solves this consumer need through their reinvention of healthy snacks that are less processed, packaged in a cutting edge, on-the-go delivery format, and boosted with functional probiotics.
###NowKash
Your money, like all money in history, has been the product of static transactions, that is the paradigm of banking and payments. Within this paradigm, the very best that Financial Institutions and FinTech startups can achieve is instantaneous funds clearance. Under these conditions value can never remain in equilibrium between payors and payees, inequality persists upon individuals while systematic inefficiencies remain: 
###ODECI Inc.
The first target user for ODECI Inc. will be US Army aviators. The first problem they are solving is that of supplemental task lighting. Current solutions for small personal lights in a cockpit have attempted to address pilot light requirements though finger lights or by strapping a light onto things like flight vests or the front cockpit panel. ODECI Illuminate allows the pilot to switch on, illuminate, and use a light all in one hand. This allows for better cockpit task management, as they will not have to remove both hands from the aircraft controls to receive well-aimed light. All buttons and features of the product have been designed with the military aviator in mind and in compliance with military regulation. Through connections in the Department of Defense we are working on obtaining military contract for the long-term sale of this product.
###Opticent Health
Nearly 40 million Americans are at risk for vision loss or blindness due to complications stemming from diabetes and age-related macular degeneration (AMD). There is an ill-met need for devices that allow doctors to better understand these complex diseases, monitor their progression, and manage treatments. Developed by researchers at Northwestern University, our patent pending technology utilizes optical coherence tomography (OCT), the gold standard imaging tool in ophthalmology. Our device revolutionizes current OCT technology by delivering new information that enables doctors to better stage disease progression, assess treatment efficacy, and make more timely diagnoses and treatment interventions. For drug companies, our device will efficiently screen drug candidates and generate important pre-clinical drug efficacy data. For ophthalmologists, our tool improves decision-making and patient care while enhancing top line revenue by increasing the frequency of reimbursable OCT tests. For patients, our tool provides a rapid, non-invasive test that yields better clinical outcomes without added risk or side effects. For payers, our device will lower overall healthcare spending by reducing unnecessary or ineffective treatments and by minimizing the costly expenditures associated with vision loss, resulting in millions of dollar-cost savings for the healthcare system at large.
###Optima
In response to the increasingly popular social media and online trends, many companies and other organizations began to maximize their public presence through social media. However, doing so requires extensive monitoring of social network data to grasp the public’s response to their outreach efforts or even to predict the public’s behavior. Monitoring social media has proven paramount but also consumes more resources than many small companies and organizations can afford. Optima aims to address this challenge by building a technology that allows us to understand the public’s opinion about a certain company or a product. Optima's technology uses Google search statistics in conjunction with a mathematical model to determine the kind of keywords that are indicative of a company, and then uses these keywords and a scraper to search through prominent social and online media to store relevant posts about specific companies. The technology acquires a data set of social media posts then applies machine learning based sentiment analysis to not only gain insight to the public’s general outlook on a specific company but also provide predictive analysis based on the company’s historical records and its past social media presence.
###Panotip
Panotip is a platform that allows users to receive personalized expert advice. Currently, when people turn to the Internet for advice or coaching, they typically receive generic or minimally customized information. Even when an advice-seeker finds an expert willing to share expertise, there is often a long time delay between interactions that slows any problem-solving process (such as a conversation on an online message board). Other times, people do not know where to look for answers or what words to search. Searching for answers online to non-trivial questions is quite often a frustrating and fruitless chore. Instead, Panotip emphasizes live video interactions to help troubleshoot, consult, and advise people, based on the particulars of their problem (we also support more traditional modes of communication). Supporting our live video interaction is an intelligent language processing and matching system that processes a question asked in plain English (e.g. "how should I eat healthily?") to quickly match users to the right experts. For experts, Panotip adds convenience, expands their customer base, and helps them monetize time outside location and time constraints.
###Parakeet
You’re in a group meeting, and your job is to scribe today’s meeting minutes. As you try desperately to keep up with everything people are saying, you can’t seem to truly engage in the conversation with your peers. When you happen upon an opportunity to actually give input, you miss crucial details in your notes. Even when you’re not engaging, you have to paraphrase to keep up and stop the flow of conversation to ask your colleagues to repeat what they’re saying. You have a problem. You’re not engaged with the meeting content, not connected with your coworkers, and not writing effective, organized notes. For 4.5 hours each day, we’re engaged in conversation. This time is an opportunity to connect with people around us, and get value out of our engagements. But when we are so caught up in recording the moment, we lose the human connection that we’re seeking in the first place. Parakeet is excited to introduce a new vision for collaboration. Parakeet offers interactive transcription software that seamlessly and securely records, references, and relays your conversations upon request. Parakeet's mission is simple: no interruption, no delay, no hassle.
###PartyPuzzle
Throwing a kids party is a very time consuming and expensive activity. Parents need to spend much time planning and arranging everything separately: finding a venue, finding and selecting animation services, buying food, buying decoration items and party bags etc. Additionally, often parents are not satisfied with the quality of the provided services. There is no platform that brings together and coordinates all of the necessary party services providers. PartyPuzzle is a web-based platform that offers parents a one-stop-shop solution for the organization, payment and delivery of parties for kids from 0 to 11 years. Based on a few characteristics (gender, age, location, date, and budget) the easy-to-use tool will make suggestions for service providers for all of the necessary services and products. Those include venue, theme, decoration items, food items, and animation. After the assembly of the party, PartyPuzzle will coordinate the logistics of the party so that your complete party gets delivered on the required date. In essence, it is a 2-sided market place that connects party organizers with existing and potential party service suppliers. PartyPuzzle is a layer in between that provides simple planning, quality assurance and coordination. 
###POVI
99% of children toys, apps, software and game consoles are either for academic or motor skills development, or entertainment. As a result, surveys and researches with over 200 parents and children have shown that there is a huge void in solutions focusing on the development of good habits, social intelligence, conscientiousness, self control and empathy. Medically, children are getting 'gameboy back' and 'myopia' for not having good self control, posture and vision habits.

POVI, an intelligent children companion, for developing social skills and good habits. 

Povi comes integrated with apps and access to online POVI store for additional apps and subscription services: 
• Share daily feelings and emotions with parents 
. Connect, engage and play with friends through remote hosted play-date games 
• Improves child posture and vision habits using intelligent human posture analysis
• Gamified self-control, good habits via learning about children daily habits and behaviors
• Real-time parent-child connection through mobile apps and cloud services 
• 3D form optimizes ‘integrated’ brain development

After initial launch, POVI will release an open platform for developers who focus on programs and games for social interactions and good habits development.
###Qollaboration
Qollaboration solving a problem that has challenged organizations for decades. There are lots of smart people, with unique skills and expertise, but the knowledge in their heads isn't searchable. There is no quick way to find the right expertise when you need it. So people resort to sending mass emails or knocking on doors to ask colleagues - this wastes a lot of time and rarely yields the best possible guidance. Enter Qollaboration, a search engine for skills and knowledge. Qollaboration let you instantly find and access specific expertise within your company, university or professional association, by identifying and introducing you to the knowledge holder. Using machine learning and information extraction algorithms, Qollaboration's software will create knowledge profiles for individuals by analyzing and categorizing the knowledge that is conveyed every day in email, documents, calendar entries and social network feeds. Qollaboration is creating a database of "who knows what" and making it more easily discoverable by colleagues and friends. With a simple query Qollaboration introduces you to the prospective collaborators with the most applicable skillset and social connections for your needs.
###QuickSpace
Have you ever found yourself wandering the city, searching for some peace and quiet to take a quick business call, but can’t find anything other than hotel lobbies or crowded coffee shops? Maybe you are rapidly growing company and need a few extra rooms to conduct meetings before you find that permanent space. 

QuickSpace is the solution to today’s sharing economy: your location-based, on-demand space rental platform while you are on the go. QuickSpace is your “home” for just an hour or two to take a quick nap, conduct a quick meeting, or teach a yoga class to a group of friends. 

There are many viable, safe, and unused spaces in urban areas. Additionally, it’s no secret that space for normal day-to-day actions in urban areas is in high demand. With that in mind, there are no platforms available that have tackled the problem of connecting these two populations efficiently and quickly. We believe that QuickSpace can be that solution.
###Quorum
In Washington D.C. alone there are over 50,000 people who every day run, staff, and influence the legislative process without modern software. These individuals rely on intuition and guesswork to make strategic decisions, obtaining data from thousands of different websites and manually tabulating votes to find trends. They compare different versions of bills with a highlighter and use Excel to track their outreach. What’s worse, the legislative strategy software these individuals currently use is inadequate, lacking necessary legislative data and providing no way to help users derive quantitative insights. Busy legislative professionals need an easy-to-use, comprehensive, timesaving tool to help craft their legislative strategy, and the current model is not delivering. Quorum is Washington’s next generation legislative strategy platform that solves these problems by providing unique quantitative insights into the U.S. Congress. Featuring interactive visualizations, up-to-date statistics, and comprehensive congressional data including bills, votes, tweets, press releases, staffers, caucuses, and floor statements, Quorum equips users with the tools they need to navigate the legislative process in a powerful, flexible, and easy-to-use way. Quorum’s quantitative approach to politics is changing the way people see, explain, and influence the legislative process.
###Ready!
Everyday we have to “guess” our travel time for an unfamiliar yet time-sensitive trip. We consult map apps which only shows real-time traffic condition, but how about planning ahead? For example, how do you know exactly how bad the Monday morning traffic will be on a Sunday night? How much “buffer time” should you allow yourself in order to arrive on time and still get enough sleep?

READY! takes care of that problem by offering users a comprehensive and personalized hub for travel time estimation. With integrated traffic analysis and intelligent behavioral learning, READY! assures you a fashionably-on-time arrival without an unnecessary early morning rise.

Simply input the route and preferred time of arrival, READY! automatically sets up an alarm for departure based on historical traffic data, weather forecast, potential congestion-generating events, traffic control regime, user’s lifestyle and driving habits. Even better, READY! monitors real-time traffic condition and user-generated accident reports and silently updates the alert time in the background.

Moreover, with the future introduction of friends system, READY! can assist users in arranging road trips or simply creates a gather-together, using personal punctuality history to encourage on-time arrival for all participants.
###Rehab Hero
Injuries and illness recovery are huge problems for people of all age groups and affect both healthy and sick patients. Lack of access to therapists and physicians can slow down rehab progress and decrease work productivity. With increase in reimbursement issues based on compliance and quality of care, we need technology to assist health care providers. Rehab Hero is a new medical technology that utilizes game consoles and apps to allow better guided rehab therapy at home. First, physicians and therapists select individual therapy and levels according to patients' need using the app. At home, video games then shows two screen with tutorial of therapist avatar on one side and patient's own image on the other. The game tracks patient’ joints and degrees of movement. Rehab Hero also allows for video recording, entertainment and competition with other patients (avatars/screen name) under same medical condition. The information from game console is stored in cloud data and sent to patients’ phone app. This product provides revolutionary medical treatment for physicians, therapists, and patients to monitor compliance, pain level and quality of movement at convenience of patients’ own homes.
###RexFit
RexFit is a project that is developing the new frontier in fitness equipment: using biometric data from wearable sensors to dynamically change the way people exercise through adaptive resistance. It is an application of the Internet of things to the fitness realm, that will automate the personal training function. Start-ups like Hexoskin and Athos are developing intelligent sports apparel that goes far beyond the capture of heart rate data. Their technology captures biometric datapoints such as respiration and muscle fatigue thus opening numerous new possibilities in terms of the way people work out. For athletes and fitness enthusiasts this would mean a training tailored to their needs that pushes them beyond what current static weight machines can do. For the normal weight machine user it would mean taking away the pain of selecting and keeping track of the appropriate weight and repetitions. For the recovery patient it would mean having an infinite level of granularity that would enable the muscle to work at the precise threshold it needs in order to recover.
###Rhythmiq
Everyday, millions of opinions go unexpressed in organizations - both large and small. In some cases, this is due to existing hierarchal and social structures that make work environments unconducive to transparent sentiments and honest feedback. In others, employees are forced to learn not only what is required of their jobs, but also divisive office politics that tear apart companies. Rhythmiq seeks to empower employees in organizations with the ability to freely speak their minds and equip HR teams with powerful sentiment analysis tools to capture the pulse of their organizations in real-time. We are building an anonymous, unified social platform for enterprise that breaks down existing barriers to transparency in companies and other organizations. Through two primary mediums of consumption - a curated feed and a powerful sentiment analytics platform - we surface genuine sentiments and brilliant ideas where they otherwise would go unnoticed.
###RISE and SHINE
Single mothers and their children are the faces of poverty in America today: 40% of single-mother families live below the federal poverty line, and one in four American children under six years old lives in poverty. Many low-income moms must work multiple jobs trapped in industries that pay minimum wage. As a result, their children go without high quality early childhood education, due to limited access and prohibitive costs.

Common sense suggests that a single mother can’t lift her family out of poverty without a stable job that pays a decent wage, and research suggests that access to high quality preschool provides the highest chance of breaking the cycle of poverty for a child born into a low income family. RISE and SHINE's solution strives to meet these families where they are, with one company that can offer the mother a better job and her child excellent preschool: 

RISE Pizza and Greens is a fast-casual restaurant that will employ low-income moms at a living wage and will offer the most delicious customizable pizza and salads.

SHINE is a preschool that will offer the highest quality early childhood education year-round for the children of RISE’s employees and of the broader community.
###Serve
To accomplish any moderately complex task, mobile users employ a number of applications on their device, which forces the need for internet connectivity and adds to a growing clutter of installed content. Serve provides a platform for developers to create and share programs that can be run via text messaging. Consumers can then curate their own set of commands to run these programs, which are now immediately accessible through the ubiquitous medium of texting. Program execution is thus exported from a user’s device into the cloud. With Serve, both consumers and developers obtain a dependable way to accomplish tasks without the limitations of installed applications.
###Sessions
Music artists have millions of fans, but only a small fraction of those fans drive sales, engagement, and help promote the artists' brand. These fans don't have a way to deeply connect with the artists they love, and artists don't have a way to reward fans for their devotion. Sessions is an intimate network for fans and artists. Artists can send personalized Twitter invites to their biggest fans to join Sessions. These fans are incentivized to post requests directly to artists for content, like old band photos. If the artist responds to their request ('riffs'), they'll gain points ('cheers') and all fans will get to experience the artist-centric content in their feed. Artists can use these points ('cheers') to gauge fan interest, and then giveaway exclusives to their top fans. Artists can also flip the many-to-one model and hold contests that encourage fans to show off their skills and opinions, such as designing album artwork or suggesting an opening act. With Sessions, we bring fans and artists closer together and give artists the tool they need to measure and reward engagement. 
###Shoes Incorporated
It is very difficult to find a pair of shoes that fits well, particularly because many individuals’ shoe sizes vary across different brands. Now that fashion companies and big-brand department stores are expanding their e-commerce platforms—thus taking away the ability to test out shoe fit in-store—finding that perfect fit has become even harder. Poor shoe fit leads to mass returns back to retailers, forcing shoes on to sale racks or off of the shelves completely. This also leads to sky-high return-shipping costs for online retailers.

Shoes Incorporated has recently created a patent-pending computer vision algorithm that matches the uniqueness of an individual’s foot to the shoes that fit them best. We’ve then taken our algorithms and wrapped them up in an interactive and fun iOS app for shoe shopping, which will be launching on the Apple App Store soon.

Shoes Incorporated is starting niche, focusing on women’s high-heeled shoes, as high-heels are the most extreme case of footwear fit and have the most loyal user base (as high-heel sales persevere in even the most dire of economic downturns).

By properly matching consumers to their best fits, Shoes Incorporated minimizes mass returns to footwear retailers—subsequently minimizing overproduction of product and maximizing consumer satisfaction.
###SimpleHealth
Heart disease is the leading cause of death worldwide and kills more people than cancer and HIV combined. We have a medical device that will be able to predict heart attacks months before they happen. It is unique because it is free to patients and doctors, and has better algorithms than anything in the current market. Another problem is that doctors have too many patients and it's hard to search for which ones need attention before problems occur (preventative medicine). Our device screens patients in parallel and simplifies this search problem.
###SmartLens
Intraocular pressure (IOP) measurements are used for glaucoma diagnosis and patient monitoring. Increased pressure would lead to nerve damages and causes loss of vision as it progress. There is no cure for the damaged nerves and vision loss can’t be recovered. Therefore, it is crucial to stop the diseases' progression by lowering IOP using drugs. There are important challenges treating glaucoma that needs to be addressed. Ophthalmologist prescribe different drugs to treat and lower the IOP. That can vary from one drug to several drugs together. They can’t be sure which drugs are effective since there is no apparent sign for healing. Compliance has been significant issue, since there is no symptoms for increased IOP. Recent studies has shown that IOP can fluctuate throughout the day and is also dependent on body posture. If a patient visits doctor’s office on low pressure period, they may misdiagnose and won’t able to provide needed treatment. Our solution is a contact lens with a pressure sensor for glaucoma that allows IOP to be read by a smartphone camera. The implanted sensor lens coupled with a smartphone allows for at-home monitoring and recording through connection to a medical provider database.
###SnapCart
Snapcart is tackling one of the biggest problems in grocery store retail business: low customer satisfaction. In particular, the amount of time wasted waiting in long lines during grocery shopping. Checking out is slow, expensive to the supermarket, and inefficient. This is why this industry is ranked 2nd worst in customer satisfaction. Snapcart's mission is to improve customers’ shopping experience by providing grocery stores with the digital power online stores already have. By doing this, Snapcart is eradicating check out lines and improving the overall shopping experience. Snapcart is providing supermarkets with a mobile Point-Of-Sale System that snaps onto the back of shopping carts and utilizes shoppers’ smartphone to make shopping a seamless, immersive and efficient process. No cashier involved, so no more waiting in lines or hassle with traditional self check out registers. By creating an additional way to interact with the user Snapcart can recommend new products, offer deals, personalize the experience, etc, all through our iOS/Android app. In additoin, after surveying 25+ store managers and 100+ customers, Snapcart identified two major issues with its original solution, theft and non-barcode items, and both probles are now accounted for and fixed.
###Solfice CivilMaps
Solfice Research, Inc. is developing the Solfice CivilMaps search engine for 3D survey data. CivilMaps queries terabytes of collected 3D survey data and creates search results in the form of object location and health reports. CivilMaps target customer's biggest pain point is the length of time to create object location and health reports. Currently, processing huge 3D survey datasets is limited by point-and-click object annotation techniques of a human and the limited resources of the user’s computer (I/O, CPU, Network, Memory). By circumventing these bottlenecks, CivilMaps is introducing a paradigm shift in the workflow of creating reports from 3D survey data. Advancements in parallel computing and deep learning allows CivilMaps to reduce 2 years of manual point-and-click work down to 2 days of processing using CivilMap's proprietary machine learning algorithms in the cloud. CivilMaps allows users to upload their 3D survey data, then specify the assets of interest and report specification. Upon upload, the product indexes all of the spatial information as defined in the report specification into a queryable format. The reports can then be dynamically generated on demand and exported to various tools such as AutoDesk Map3D, which is useful for integrating into the customer’s workflow.
###SomaSole Inc
After extensive user research, SomaSole Inc has noticed a huge gap in the ability of fitness conscious individuals to adequately work out while traveling, whether for work or for pleasure. Travelers need a light weight and compact option that provides them with an experience that parallels their established fitness habits and routines. This is where SomaSole Inc come in. SomaSole Inc plans on reframing the current mentality towards resistance bands and revolutionizing their versatility and usability with SomaSole. SomaSole's patent pending design allows users to comfortably and securely attach resistance bands to their foot. With this attachment, a user is able to target any part of the body at any angle, including negative motion. SomaSole's potential uses are endless. After talking to users in 20+ industries/professions they are incredibly excited about the scalability to everyone from flight attendants to rehab patients and elderly to extreme sports participants.
###soundGrow
Youtube Music Artists (and emerging artists in general) have a problem organizing live experiences that leverage their digital followings and allow them to take their careers to the next level.

SoundGrow is LiveNation for Youtube Music Artists. We allow them to monetize their fan bases by organizing secret shows through crowdfunding.

About SoundGrow Beta: SoundGrow allows Music Artists to take their career to the next level by organizing a premium secret show that brings them together with their fans in San Francisco and Los Angeles. 
###Spectrum
Buildings consume significant amounts of energy and are the single greatest contributor to greenhouse gas emissions in urban areas. Despite this demand on the environment, current architectural practice lacks tools that effectively inform architects of the life cycle environmental impact and cost implications of design decisions. The absence of analytical feedback on design decisions early in the design process require architecture firms to spend $2.8 annually on rework costs. Left without an integrated design assessment solution, the architecture industry will continue to waste money as well as be the single greatest contributor to global carbon emissions. Spectrum is a software platform that provides automated feedback on architectural design decisions by seamlessly integrating with architect’s current design environment. The software plugs in to 3D building information modeling software and integrates cloud processing, computational algorithms, and a building materials database with life cycle assessment, costing, maintenance, and energy simulation software. The algorithms quickly compute the carbon and cost performance of many design alternatives for various design parameters. An interactive dashboard provides sustainability metrics and allows real-time visualization of the current design’s performance relative to the alternatives. Ultimately the software enables architects to efficiently make decisions that meet their sustainability and budget goals.
###TapTax
TapTax wants to disrupt the tax industry by offering easier connection, more price transparency, and higher convenience. Every year, 80M Americans seek help from tax pros. The process is not pleasant: it takes time; it's tedious; and oftentimes, taxpayers feel overcharged. TapTax solves this problem by providing a platform where taxpayers can connect with taxpayers and process tax easily, under transparent fixed pricing. After answering 3 tax profile questions on the TapTax app, taxpayers will be recommended a list of tax pros. Then, to speed up interactions with tax pros, taxpayers can chat, capture pictures of tax docs, exchange docs, and send signatures, etc. 100% from the app. Basically, with TapTax, time-consuming physical appointments and paper handling are no longer needed.
###The Rook
The workforce is getting more flexible. Modern workers change companies, freelance, and aren’t tied to a desk. Real estate has yet to respond to the changing nature of work. People struggle to find spare outlets at Starbucks, can’t get a snack at the library, and search for a quiet place to take a call while working at a cafe. Travelers struggling locating professional-enough coffee shops for meeting. People working from home get lonely and stir-crazy.

The Rook is a global network of physical spaces that merge work and social. The Rook’s reliable locations support meetings, conversation, and focused work. Each branch is arranged along a sound gradient: a louder, coffee-shop-like space; a quieter space for heads-down work; and reservable meeting rooms and phone nooks. A healthy food and beverage provider will supply reliable options.

The Rook is a membership network, not a traditional co-working space. It provides space for in-between times (not 8 hour days). Unlike co-working, members stay for years, not months, and access the full network. The Rook is your functional workspace in the city, source of urban community, place for calm repose -- a modern version of an airport lounged embedded into the city fabric.
###TILIKIN Logistics
TILKIN Logistics is addressing the $20B spent by container-shipping companies moving empty shipping containers around the globe. With TILKIN Logistics' unique insight of the industry’s dynamics from experience working in the field, their Machine Learning Optimization SaaS provides demand forecasts that are ~50% more accurate, saving millions in repositioning cost-- as validated by TILKIN's current pilot customer, one of the largest shipping companies in the world.
###TocoTrack
In developing countries, 3 million babies and 300,000 women die annually from labor complications. As a result, the WHO recommends midwives closely monitor the progression of labor using a partograph, a paper tool that allows them to record 14 pregnancy parameters. In order to diagnose common complications, midwives are trained to interpret trends on the partograph. However, uterine contractions, an important pregnancy parameter, are rarely monitored due to the lengthy and complicated process of feeling by hand for ten minutes. Due to high patient to midwife ratios, midwives cannot dedicate ten minutes per mother, which results in contractions not being properly monitored 88% of the time. The lack of contraction monitoring leads to pregnancy complications going undetected and contributes to 40% of maternal and 25% of child deaths. TocoTrack is a low-cost tocodynamometer, or external contraction monitor, that automates the the process of tracking uterine contractions for midwives. The device will be strapped across the mother's abdomen and outputs the frequency and duration of contractions in a completed partograph form to a screen. Midwives can then easily copy the information to their paper partograph allowing them to use contraction data to make informed clinical decisions.
###Torix Medical
Most men, at some point in life, will suffer life-altering urinary frequency and/or urgency due to benign prostatic hyperplasia (BPH). BPH, also known as enlarged prostate, leads to urinary straining, frequency, urgency, and sleep disruption. Despite the magnitude of the need, currently available treatments fail to provide adequate relief. Medications can have undesirable side effects and fail to manage symptoms adequately in 30-43% of patients. Surgical treatments involve removing all or part of the prostate gland, cause pain and bleeding, and carry a high risk of permanent sexual dysfunction. Innoflow is a novel implantable device that permanently relieves obstructive BPH symptoms in a quick, simple, office-based procedure. Our device is a small shape-memory nitinol implant that fully integrates into the prostatic urethral wall, opening the urethra along its length while avoiding encrustation. Innoflow will be the only BPH therapy delivered through a flexible cystoscope, which dramatically increases patient comfort and allows for an easy office procedure under local anesthesia. Our delivery system integrates seamlessly with common urology tools and allows the urologist to deploy the device under direct visualization. The patient will see immediate and lasting relief with no catheterization required.
###TOTO Express
For rural artisans in India the situation is dire. Across 1500 villagers we surveyed in West Bengal, income for a family of 6 is under $1000, education level beyond grade 8 is a fraction of a percent, and average life expectancy is 32. When we asked the villagers what the cause of these issues were, the number one response was lack of income. The assumption is that their artisan skills are no longer valuable and thus hundreds leave the village for the city to seek better. In reality the majority do not find better circumstances as over 65 million currently live in slums, exposed to exploitation and separated from their families. Our solution comes directly from village surveys citing factors that hold back their craft business. From this we have created a bundle of 4 services: connecting to micro-lenders, forming producer groups, providing design education and creating market links. The uniqueness of our solution is in the bundle itself and our goal to make it teachable in months. The first three services we believe are teachable processes, while the market links will be a platform of buyers TOTO Express builds that villages will gain access to upon training completion.
###UberHealth for families
Since the advent of nuclear family system, the support system of the elderly has decreased because their children or caretakers are moving out for work and better career opportunities. Elderly need their children’s attention and caring the most at that age. But at the same time, they do not want their child to compromise on his career to come & stay with them. They avoid any medical examination until it becomes a must to see a medical practitioner. This is primarily due to long wait times in clinics, queues, multiple tests, multiple consultations, payment, and transport issues. The children on the other end do not know about their elder’s well-being and are constantly worried.

UberHealth enables children living away from their parents to manage their elder’s well-being from a distance. We offer “Care Buddy (CB)”, a real person who on one hand provides a human touch to the elder and on the other hand uses technology to interact and co-ordinate between adult children, their parents and different healthcare service providers in India. CB is the person bridging the gap between the child living far away and the elder person, residing in India.
###UnifiApp
Demand for mobile data is surging in India, where it’s expected to grow 126-fold from 2013 to 2018 due to increasing smartphone adoption. 

India is struggling to service this growing mobile data demand. Existing 3G networks are overloaded, and the country faces a significant spectrum capacity crunch. While carriers’ mobile data costs have decreased linearly, per capita data usage is increasing exponentially, leading to higher user costs. Most Indian consumers are extremely price-sensitive, so the high cost of carrier-provided mobile data inhibits many users enjoying Internet access.

UnifiApp is a crowdsourced WiFi platform that unlocks mobile connectivity in emerging markets. Our Android app allows users to share the spare capacity of their WiFi router in exchange for free access to the wider UnifiApp network, which includes the WiFi networks added by all users. Whenever their smartphone is within range of a WiFi router in our network, it automatically connects to that WiFi network. Every new member of the UnifiApp community expands the network’s coverage, creating network effects that provide increasing utility to our users and higher barriers to entry for potential competitors. 

A user can choose how much of their network’s bandwidth to share, and UnifiApp also includes a firewall/VPN.
###UProspie
When applying to colleges, prospective high school students (prospies) face a scarcity of valuable and authentic information about what the next four years of their lives will entail. While generic statistical data like acceptance rates are readily available to the public, genuine attitudes about daily campus life, thoughts on niches within campus culture, and personalized feedback from current college students are often unavailable and inaccessible, but also in high demand. UProspie believes that, as one of the most important and expensive decisions of a student’s life, the college decision should be based on comprehensive understanding forged through relevant interaction rather than thin speculation resulting from generic statistics. 

UProspie will provide a platform for connecting prospective students to current undergraduates by serving as an online community where prospies can view original student content, engage and meet with current students, and participate in live Q&A sessions. In this way, UProspie will increase prospies’ access to inside information about schools while also improving transparency about the college application process and colleges in general. Additionally, UProspie will match prospies visiting school campuses with current undergraduates based on factors like academic interests, extracurricular activities, athletic affiliation.
###Verbatm
Verbatm is a mobile-based citizen journalism app, geared toward activists, protestors, and political movers and shakers of all causes. By supplying an interactive, entirely mobile platform, Verbatm allows users to quickly create multimedia reports and disseminate them to wide audiences. Whether a user wishes to spread word about an upcoming rally, record her experience at a protest, or present in-depth research and commentary on a given topic, Verbatm provides both the means and the impetus to do so. Moreover, their highly interactive UX and flair for intuitive, beautiful design makes using Verbatm not just an exercise in social democracy and free media, but an engaging, enjoyable experience in its own right. By seamlessly combining text, photo, video, audio, and art into one informative package, Verbatm ushers in a new and dynamic era for citizen journalism at a time when it's needed more than ever.
###Vurge
Energy is a growing issue. The world is running out of nonrenewable energy sources, and our planet is emitting greenhouse gases at a growing rate. Thus, many countries are facing a push to lower energy consumption to more sustainable levels. For example, in the United States, the proposed Clean Power Plan of the EPA looks to drive down carbon emissions, consequently raising energy prices. Additionally, the Department of Energy estimates 10% of American energy consumption is sapped by devices that are constantly plugged in even when not being used, such as televisions, video game consoles, and water pumps. For the typical American consumer, wasting 10% of energy consumption costs about $200 per year. 

Vurge operates as a company designing and manufacturing WiFi-enabled, sensor driven smart plugs. Vurge also provides a set of mobile applications to allow customers to control their electronic devices through their smart phones. The Vurge smart plug acts as a bridge between a power outlet on the user’s wall and a device that consumes energy, such as a television. The mobile application allows automatic power shut-off to the connected peripherals if the user is more than a set radius away from his/her home.
###White Light Medical - AccuSpine
Spinal fusion is a widely-performed and increasingly prevalent surgical technique used to alleviate spinal instabilities and deformities. In the established paradigm, a pedicle probe is used to create the trajectory that a vertebral screw follows. It can be difficult to achieve a stable, or even safe, trajectory, so this technique is most often performed under fluoroscopic (X-ray) guidance resulting in radiation exposure 10-12 times greater than other musculoskeletal procedures. Of the approximately 500,000 spinal fusion surgeries performed annually in the U.S., over 20% of vertebral screws are misplaced, necessitating reoperations in 1 to 5% of all patients. Misplaced screws can cause an array of complications from tearing arteries or intestines to damaging nerve tissue which may result in partial or complete paralysis. Our team has developed a low-cost, smarter pedicle probe, AccuSpine for the accurate placement of vertebral screws. Using an electromechanical method, AccuSpine continuously measures changes in force coupled with a path-identification algorithm to provide real-time navigational guidance for the surgeon, keeping the probe within the bone. Our team aims to reduce screw breach rates, operating room time and radiation exposure, therefore limiting the cost of the procedure while enhancing safety for both patients and doctors.
###Wickit Medical
Ventilator Associated Pneumonia (VAP) is the most lethal hospital-acquired infection with a mortality rate of 50%. It occurs in 300,000 patients per year and costs the US medical system $25 billion annually. The Wickit medical device is designed to reduce the incidence of VAP by 40%. Wickit’s novel solution is an add-on to the endotracheal tube (ETT), inserted 12 hours after initial intubation. It removes secretions from above the cuff of the ETT, and simultaneously emits ionized silver to reduce bacterial load. Wickit is significantly more cost-effective than VAP reduction solutions currently on the market, which must be used at the time of initial intubation. Because doctors are not able to predict the duration of intubation, and re-intubation is too risky, these more expensive VAP-inhibiting tubes would have to be used on all patients, despite the fact that two thirds of patients are extubated after 12 hours. Because these tubes are more than ten times as expensive as the typical $2 version, using them on all patients is a prohibitive cost. With Wickit Medical's pricing plan to share 50% of savings with hospitals, Wickit can save hospitals $1.52B annually.
###Wolio
Discovering the right event based on location and interest is a difficult problem. Today, there are so many options in terms of sources and content that relevant events get lost in the noise. The time required to discover interesting content on the internet has drastically decreased, which makes finding an event even more burdensome. 

Wolio is an intelligent app that recommends events based on your specific interests and location. Wolio gathers information from you and your network's Facebook profiles to curate initial events. Subsequently, Wolio uses machine learning techniques to further curate events based on your behavior pattern within our app: you browse through events in a Tinder-like manner. This eliminates the noise users currently experience with event discovery and makes browsing effortless and fun! Based on the events you like and dislike Wolio gets to know your preferences and can recommend events you will love! 

See our Visual Prototype at www.wolio.co
###XStream
Long haul trucks have a gap between the tractor and the trailer and this is a significant driver of aerodynamic drag. 2/3rd of fuel spent at highway speed is spent overcoming aerodynamic drag and therefore every little bit of savings help. Overall smoothing over this gap saves 3-5% of fuel costs for trucks (confirmed by computational fluid dynamics and wind tunnel tests). The gap exists to allow trucks to turn, but this ability is not required at high speeds. Therefore our device deploys at high speed to cover the gap and retracts when the truck is going slower. This allows us to achieve fuel savings on the highway without compromising on the trucks maneuverability at low speed. Our product has a fully granted patent and a full scale prototype. As one of the most efficient fleets, Walmart recognizes this problem and is excited to test our product. They have offered to pay for extensive, scientific, controlled road tests of our prototype in early April.
###YCore
As a generation, Millennials have proved that they are passionate about doing good in the world. Most young people volunteer with community based organizations in high school and college, but when they start their careers, the pressure of balancing work life and social life makes it hard to give back in a meaningful way. YCore is changing this! They are on a mission to completely redesign volunteering to make it engaging for Millennials and highly impactful for nonprofits. They want to capture the passion and skills of young people in a way that creates real change in communities around the world. 

YCore is a philanthropy program created for Millennials, by Millennials. They bring together amazing young people with a wide-range of skills and interests to design products and services in partnership with local nonprofits. Alongside their nonprofit work, YCore members gain access to a network of experienced social activists who help them to develop the skills and knowledge needed to be effective philanthropists. Their mission is to create a network of engaged young philanthropists. 
